nixos/lasuite-drive: init (#409878)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md

- [Howdy](https://github.com/boltgolt/howdy), a Windows Hello™ style facial authentication program for Linux.

> - [SuiteNumérique Drive](https://github.com/suitenumerique/drive), a collaborative file sharing and document management platform that scales. Built with Django and React. Opensource alternative to Sharepoint or Google Drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SuiteNumérique Drive](https://github.com/suitenumerique/drive), a collaborative file sharing and document management platform that scales. Built with Django and React. Open source alternative to Sharepoint or Google Drive.
```
